[All Hosts] (ui) how to create add-in commands with unified manifest (#3947)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/create-addin-commands-unified-manifest.md

---
title: Create add-in commands with the unified Microsoft 365 manifest
description: Configure the unified Microsoft 365 manifest to define add-in commands for Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, and Word. Use add-in commands to create UI elements, add buttons or lists, and perform actions.
ms.date: 04/07/2023
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Create add-in commands with the unified Microsoft 365 manifest

Add-in commands provide an easy way to customize the default Office user interface (UI) with specified UI elements that perform actions. For an introduction to add-in commands, see [Add-in commands](../design/add-in-commands.md).

> This article describes how to configure the unified manifest to define add-in commands and how to create the code for [function commands](../design/add-in-commands.md#types-of-add-in-commands). 

Reviewer: Considering linking "unified manifest" to a doc on the unified manifest.

> [!TIP]
> Instructions for creating add-in commands with the XML manifest are in [Create add-in commands with the XML manifest](create-addin-commands.md).

> [!NOTE]

> > The unified manifest is currently supported only for Outlook Add-ins. It is in preview and shouldn't be used for production add-ins.

Reviewer: Consider implying that the unified manifest will eventually be ready for production.
```suggestion
> The unified manifest is currently supported only for Outlook Add-ins. It's in preview and not yet supported for production add-ins.
```

## Starting point and major steps

> Both of the tools that create add-in projects with a unified manifest &#8212; the [Office Yeoman generator](yeoman-generator-overview.md) and [Teams Toolkit](teams-toolkit-overview.md)  &#8212;  create projects that initially have one or more add-in commands. So, you'll almost always be working with an add-in project that already has at least one add-in command. One exception is if you are updating an add-in which previously didn't have an add-in command and from which the code and markup for any add-in commands has been removed. 

Reviewer: A couple suggestions, mainly around brevity.
```suggestion
Both of the tools that create add-in projects with a unified manifest &#8212; the [Office Yeoman generator](yeoman-generator-overview.md) and [Teams Toolkit](teams-toolkit-overview.md) &#8212; create projects with one or more add-in commands. The only time you won't already have an add-in command is if you are updating an add-in which previously didn't have one. 
```

> This article applies to both scenarios, so we use the verb "ensure" for the most part, where "ensure" might mean "create", "add", "rename", or "verify" depending on what your starting point is. For example, "Ensure that there is a 'whatever' property in the 'something' object" means "Verify that there is a 'whatever' ..." when there already is a "whatever" property; but it means "Add a 'whatever' property ..." if there isn't one already.

Reviewer: "both scenarios" could apply to the two project creation tools.
```suggestion
This article applies to adding and editing commands, so we use the verb "ensure" for the most part, where "ensure" might mean "create", "add", "rename", or "verify" depending on what your starting point is. For example, "Ensure that there is a 'whatever' property in the 'something' object" means "Verify that there is a 'whatever' ..." when there already is a "whatever" property; but it means "Add a 'whatever' property ..." if there isn't one already.
```

> This article applies to both scenarios, so we use the verb "ensure" for the most part, where "ensure" might mean "create", "add", "rename", or "verify" depending on what your starting point is. For example, "Ensure that there is a 'whatever' property in the 'something' object" means "Verify that there is a 'whatever' ..." when there already is a "whatever" property; but it means "Add a 'whatever' property ..." if there isn't one already.

Reviewer: This section reads to me as a little "writer-y". I do wonder if the intent of "you're going to already have this code, but just in case" could be a note and the article framed as solely about adding new commands. Or maybe this paragraph isn't needed. The preceding section does a good job setting context.

The other concern is that these subtle verb distinctions won't translate well.

Author: > This section reads to me as a little "writer-y". I do wonder if the intent of "you're going to already have this code, but just in case" could be a note and the article framed as solely about adding new commands. Or maybe this paragraph isn't needed. The preceding section does a good job setting context.
> 
> The other concern is that these subtle verb distinctions won't translate well.

It's not needed. I deleted it.

## Two decisions

> Decide which of two types of add-in commands you need: [Task pane or function](../design/add-in-commands.md#types-of-add-in-commands). Decide which kind of UI element you need: button or menu item. Then carry out the steps in the sections and subsections below that correspond to your decisions.

Reviewer: Consider making this a bulleted list to draw attention to the choices.
```suggestion
- Decide which of two types of add-in commands you need: [Task pane or function](../design/add-in-commands.md#types-of-add-in-commands).
-Decide which kind of UI element you need: button or menu item.

Afterwards, carry out the steps in the sections and subsections below that correspond to your decisions.
```

## Add a task pane command

The following subsections explain how to include a [task pane command](../design/add-in-commands.md#types-of-add-in-commands) in an add-in.

### Configure the runtime for the task pane command

> 1. Open the unified manifest and find the "extensions.runtimes" array.

Reviewer: I probably missed this discussion, but should "extensions.runtimes" be in codeticks?

Author: We're being consistent with Teams docs practices, so we used quotation marks.

> 1. Ensure that there is a runtime object that has a "actions.type" property with the value "openPage". This is the type of runtime that opens a task pane.

Reviewer: One grammar fix and one suggestion for brevity.
```suggestion
1. Ensure that there is a runtime object that has an "actions.type" property with the value "openPage". This type of runtime opens a task pane.
```

    > [!NOTE]
    > When support for the unified manifest is extended to other Office host applications, the minimum requirement set for add-in commands in those other hosts will be [AddinCommands 1.1](/javascript/api/requirement-sets/common/add-in-commands-requirement-sets).

1. Ensure that the "id" of the runtime object has a descriptive name such as "TaskPaneRuntime".
1. Ensure that the "code.page" property of the runtime object is set to the URL of the page that should open in the task pane, such as "https://localhost:3000/taskpane.html".
1. Ensure that the "actions.view" of the runtime object has a name that describes the content of the page that you set in the preceding step, such as "homepage" or "dashboard". 
1. Ensure that the "actions.id" of the runtime object has a descriptive name such as "ShowTaskPane" that indicates what happens when the user selects the add-in command button or menu item.

> 1. Set the other properties and subproperties of the runtime object as shown in the following completed example of a runtime object. The "type" and "lifetime" properties are required and they always have the values shown in Outlook add-ins, which is the only host that currently supports the unified manifest.

Reviewer: Something about the phrase "values shown in Outlook" makes me think the values are in Outlook, rather than in the example.
```suggestion
1. Set the other properties and subproperties of the runtime object as shown in the following completed example of a runtime object. The "type" and "lifetime" properties are required and they always have the given values in Outlook add-ins, which is the only host that currently supports the unified manifest.
```

Author: > Something about the phrase "values shown in Outlook" makes me think the values are in Outlook, rather than in the example.

Rewrote a different way.

    ```json
    "runtimes": [
        {
            "requirements": {
                "capabilities": [
                    {
                        "name": "Mailbox",
                        "minVersion": "1.3"
                    }
                ]
            },
            "id": "TaskPaneRuntime",
            "type": "general",
            "code": {
                "page": "https://localhost:3000/taskpane.html"
            },
            "lifetime": "short",
            "actions": [
                {
                    "id": "ShowTaskPane",
                    "type": "openPage",
                    "view": "homepage"
                }
            ]
        }        
    ]
    ```

### Configure the UI for the task pane command

> 1. Ensure that the extension object for which you configured a runtime has a "ribbons" array property as a peer to the "runtimes" array. (There is typically only one extension object in the "extensions" array.)

Reviewer: The second sentence seems important enough not to put in paratheses.
```suggestion
1. Ensure that the extension object for which you configured a runtime has a "ribbons" array property as a peer to the "runtimes" array. There is typically only one extension object in the "extensions" array.
```

> 1. Ensure that the array has an object with array properties named "contexts" and "tabs" as shown in the following example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure that the array has an object with array properties named "contexts" and "tabs", as shown in the following example.
```

    ```json
    "ribbons": [
        {
            "contexts": [
                // markup omitted
            ],
            "tabs": [
                // markup omitted
            ]
        }
    ]
    ```

> 1. Ensure that the "contexts" array has strings that specify the windows or panes in which the UI for the task pane command should appear. For example, "mailRead" means that it will appear in the reading pane or message window when an email message is open, but "mailCompose" means it will appear when a new message or a reply is being composed. The following is an example.

Reviewer: Is there a list of valid contexts?

    ```json
    "contexts": [
        "mailRead"
    ],
    ```

> 1. Ensure that the "tabs" array has an object with "builtInTabId" string property that is set to the ID of ribbon tab in which you want your task pane command to appear and a "groups" array with at least one object in it. The following is an example.

Reviewer: That first sentence is also pretty long. Any way to break it into two?
```suggestion
1. Ensure that the "tabs" array has an object with a "builtInTabId" string property that is set to the ID of ribbon tab in which you want your task pane command to appear and a "groups" array with at least one object in it. The following is an example.
```

> 1. Ensure that the "tabs" array has an object with "builtInTabId" string property that is set to the ID of ribbon tab in which you want your task pane command to appear and a "groups" array with at least one object in it. The following is an example.

Reviewer: Same comment about a list of valid builtInTabIDs. I see the note below, but maybe a formal list will be both clearer and easier to add to later.

Author: There is no list. "TabDefault" is the only valid value. I'll rewrite the note to make this clearer.

    ```json
    "tabs": [
        {
            "builtInTabID": "TabDefault",
            "groups": [
                {
                    // markup omitted                
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
    ```

    > [!NOTE]
    > Only "TabDefault", which in Outlook is either the **Home**, **Message**, or **Meeting** tab, is currently supported for the "builtInTabID" property.

> 1. Ensure that the "groups" array has an object to define the custom control group that will hold your add-in command UI controls. The following is an example. Note the following about this markup:

Reviewer: Here and elsewhere, is this "markup" when it's not XML?

Author: > Here and elsewhere, is this "markup" when it's not XML?

I'll use "JSON".

    - The "supertip.title" (maximum length: 64 characters) and "supertip.description" (maximum length: 128 characters) appear when the cursor is hovering over the button or menu.
    - The "actionId" must be an exact match for the "runtimes.actions.id" that you set in [Configure the runtime for the task pane command](#configure-the-runtime-for-the-task-pane-command).

    ```json
    {
        "id": "msgReadOpenPaneButton",
        "type": "button",
        "label": "Show Task Pane",
        "icons": [
            {
                "size": 16,
                "file": "https://localhost:3000/assets/icon-16.png"
            },
            {
                "size": 32,
                "file": "https://localhost:3000/assets/icon-32.png"
            },
            {
                "size": 80,
                "file": "https://localhost:3000/assets/icon-80.png"
            }
        ],
        "supertip": {
            "title": "Show Contoso Task Pane",
            "description": "Opens the Contoso task pane."
        },
        "actionId": "ShowTaskPane"
    }
    ```

> You have now completed adding a task pane command to your add-in.  [Sideload and test it](../testing/test-debug-office-add-ins.md#sideload-an-office-add-in-for-testing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You've now completed adding a task pane command to your add-in. [Sideload and test it](../testing/test-debug-office-add-ins.md#sideload-an-office-add-in-for-testing).
```

## Add a function command

The following subsections explain how to include a [function command](../design/add-in-commands.md#types-of-add-in-commands) in an add-in.

### Create the code for the function command

> 1. Ensure that your source code includes a JavaScript or Typescript file with the function that you want to execute with your function command. The following is an example. Since this article is about creating add-in commands, and not about teaching the Office JavaScript Library, we provide it with minimal comments, but do note the following:

Reviewer: The style guide says to avoid "execute" and use "run" instead.
```suggestion
1. Ensure that your source code includes a JavaScript or Typescript file with the function that you want to run with your function command. The following is an example. Since this article is about creating add-in commands, and not about teaching the Office JavaScript Library, we provide it with minimal comments, but do note the following:
```

>     - For purposes of this article, the file is named commands.js.

Reviewer: I believe file names are usually bolded.
```suggestion
    - For purposes of this article, the file is named **commands.js**.
```

>     - The function will cause a small notification to appear on an open email message with the text "Action performed".

Reviewer: Is it necessary to specify exactly where this notification occurs?
```suggestion
    - The function will cause a small notification to appear with the text "Action performed".
```

Author: > Is it necessary to specify exactly where this notification occurs?

I think so. It is very small and inconspicuous. The first time I ran the Outlook add-in created by Yo Office, I thought it was broken because I literally didn't notice notification.

>     - Like all code files that call APIs in the Office JavaScript Library, it must begin by [initializing the library](initialize-add-in.md). It does this by calling `Office.onReady`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Like all code that calls APIs in the Office JavaScript Library, it must begin by [initializing the library](initialize-add-in.md). It does this by calling `Office.onReady`. 
```

>     - The last thing the file calls is [Office.actions.associate](/javascript/api/office/office.actions#office-office-actions-associate-member) to tell Office which function in the file should be executed when the UI for your function command is invoked. The function maps the function name to an action id that you configure in the manifest in a later step. If you define multiple function commands in the same file, your code must call `associate` for each one.

Reviewer: Feel free to change this and the previous one back to "file", but it seems more correct to say "code". 
```suggestion
    - The last thing the code calls is [Office.actions.associate](/javascript/api/office/office.actions#office-office-actions-associate-member) to tell Office which function in the file should be executed when the UI for your function command is invoked. The function maps the function name to an action ID that you configure in the manifest in a later step. If you define multiple function commands in the same file, your code must call `associate` for each one.
```

    ```javascript
    Office.onReady(function() {
    // Add any initialization code here.
    });

    function setNotification(event) {
    const message = {
        type: Office.MailboxEnums.ItemNotificationMessageType.InformationalMessage,
        message: "Performed action.",
        icon: "Icon.80x80",
        persistent: true,
    };

    // Show a notification message.
    Office.context.mailbox.item.notificationMessages.replaceAsync("ActionPerformanceNotification", message);

    // Be sure to indicate when the add-in command function is complete.
    event.completed();
    }
    
    // Map the function to the action ID in the manifest.
    Office.actions.associate("SetNotification", setNotification);
    ```

1. Ensure that your source code includes an HTML file that is configured to load the function file you created. The following is an example. Note the following about this markup:

>     - For purposes of this article, the file is named commands.html.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For purposes of this article, the file is named **commands.html**.
```

    - The `<body>` element is empty because the file has no UI. Its only purpose is to load JavaScript files.

>     - The Office JavaScript Library and the commands.js file that you created in the preceding step is explicitly loaded. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The Office JavaScript Library and the **commands.js** file that you created in the preceding step is explicitly loaded. 
```

        > [!NOTE]

>         > It is common in Office add-in development to use tools like WebPack and its plugins to automatically inject `<script>` tags into HTML files at build time. If you use such a tool, you shouldn't include any `<script>` tags in your source file that are going to be inserted by the tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        > It's common in Office Add-in development to use tools like WebPack and its plugins to automatically inject `<script>` tags into HTML files at build time. If you use such a tool, you shouldn't include any `<script>` tags in your source file that are going to be inserted by the tool.
```

>         > It is common in Office add-in development to use tools like WebPack and its plugins to automatically inject `<script>` tags into HTML files at build time. If you use such a tool, you shouldn't include any `<script>` tags in your source file that are going to be inserted by the tool.

Reviewer: Link to Webpack's homepage?

1. Ensure that the "actions.id" of the runtime object has a descriptive name such as "SetNotification" that indicates what happens when the user selects the add-in command button or menu item.

    > [!IMPORTANT]
    > The value of "actions.id" must exactly match the first parameter of the call to `Office.actions.associate` in the function file.

1. Set the other properties and subproperties of the runtime object as shown in the following completed example of a runtime object. The "type" and "lifetime" properties are required and they always have the values shown in Outlook add-ins, which is the only host that currently supports the unified manifest.

    ```json
    "runtimes": [
        {
            "id": "CommandsRuntime",
            "type": "general",
            "code": {
                "page": "https://localhost:3000/commands.html"
            },
            "lifetime": "short",
            "actions": [
                {
                    "id": "SetNotification",
                    "type": "executeFunction",
                }
            ]
        }       
    ]
    ```

### Configure the UI for the function command

> 1. Ensure that the extension object for which you configured a runtime has a "ribbons" array property as a peer to the "runtimes" array. (There is typically only one extension object in the "extensions" array.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure that the extension object for which you configured a runtime has a "ribbons" array property as a peer to the "runtimes" array. There is typically only one extension object in the "extensions" array.
```

1. Ensure that the "groups" array has an object to define the custom control group that will hold your add-in command UI controls. The following is an example. Note the following about this markup:

    - The "id" must be unique across all groups in all ribbon objects in the manifest. Maximum length is 64 characters.
    - The "label" appears on the group in the ribbon. Maximum length is 64 characters.
    - One of the "icons" appears on the group only if the Office application window, and hence the ribbon, has been sized by the user too small for any of the controls in the group to appear. Office decides when to use one of these icons and which one to use based on the size of the window and the resolution of the device. You cannot control this. You must provide image files for 16, 32, and 80 pixels, while five other sizes are also supported (20, 24, 40, 48, and 64 pixels). You must use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) for all URLs.
    
    > [!NOTE]
    > The name of the "icons.file" property may change during the preview of the unified manifest for Office Add-ins. If you get intellisense or manifest validation errors, try replacing "file" with "url".

> 

Reviewer: Extra newline.

    - The "actionId" must be an exact match for the "runtime.actions.id" that you set in [Configure the runtime for the function command](#configure-the-runtime-for-the-function-command).

    ```json
    {
        "id": "msgReadSetNotificationButton",
        "type": "button",
        "label": "Set Notification",
        "icons": [
            {
                "size": 16,
                "file": "https://localhost:3000/assets/icon-16.png"
            },
            {
                "size": 32,
                "file": "https://localhost:3000/assets/icon-32.png"
            },
            {
                "size": 80,
                "file": "https://localhost:3000/assets/icon-80.png"
            }
        ],
        "supertip": {
            "title": "Set Notification",
            "description": "Displays a notification message on the current message."
        },
        "actionId": "SetNotification"
    }
    ```

You have now completed adding a function command to your add-in. [Sideload and test it](../testing/test-debug-office-add-ins.md#sideload-an-office-add-in-for-testing).

## Menu and menu items

> In addition to custom buttons, you can also add custom drop down menus to the Office ribbon. This section explains how by using an example with two menu items; one invokes a task pane command and the other invokes a function command.

Reviewer: Consider breaking this into separate sentences to make it easier to skim.
```suggestion
In addition to custom buttons, you can also add custom drop down menus to the Office ribbon. This section explains how by using an example with two menu items. One invokes a task pane command. The other invokes a function command.
```

### Configure the runtimes and code

Carry out the steps of the following sections:

- [Configure the runtime for the task pane command](#configure-the-runtime-for-the-task-pane-command)
- [Create the code for the function command](#create-the-code-for-the-function-command)
- [Configure the runtime for the function command](#configure-the-runtime-for-the-function-command)

### Configure the UI for the menu

> 1. Ensure that the extension object for which you configured a runtime has a "ribbons" array property as a peer to the "runtimes" array. (There is typically only one extension object in the "extensions" array.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure that the extension object for which you configured a runtime has a "ribbons" array property as a peer to the "runtimes" array. There is typically only one extension object in the "extensions" array.
```

description: Configure the unified Microsoft 365 manifest to define add-in commands for Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, and Word. Use add-in commands to create UI elements, add buttons or lists, and perform actions.
ms.date: 04/07/2023
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Create add-in commands with the unified Microsoft 365 manifest

Add-in commands provide an easy way to customize the default Office user interface (UI) with specified UI elements that perform actions. For an introduction to add-in commands, see [Add-in commands](../design/add-in-commands.md).

This article describes how to configure the [Unified Microsoft 365 manifest (preview)](json-manifest-overview.md) to define add-in commands and how to create the code for [function commands](../design/add-in-commands.md#types-of-add-in-commands). 

> [!TIP]
> Instructions for creating add-in commands with the XML manifest are in [Create add-in commands with the XML manifest](create-addin-commands.md).

> [!NOTE]
> The unified manifest is currently supported only for Outlook Add-ins. It's in preview and not yet supported for production add-ins.

## Starting point and major steps

> Both of the tools that create add-in projects with a unified manifest &#8212; the [Office Yeoman generator](yeoman-generator-overview.md) and [Teams Toolkit](teams-toolkit-overview.md)  &#8212;  create projects with one or more add-in commands. The only time you won't already have an add-in command is if you are updating an add-in which previously didn't have one. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Both of the tools that create add-in projects with a unified manifest &#8212; the [Office Yeoman generator](yeoman-generator-overview.md) and [Teams Toolkit](teams-toolkit-overview.md) &#8212; create projects with one or more add-in commands. The only time you won't already have an add-in command is if you are updating an add-in which previously didn't have one. 
```
Em dashes only need one space around them, or none at all.

                    "type": "openPage",
                    "view": "homepage"
                }
            ]
        }        
    ]
    ```

### Configure the UI for the task pane command

1. Ensure that the extension object for which you configured a runtime has a "ribbons" array property as a peer to the "runtimes" array. There is typically only one extension object in the "extensions" array.
1. Ensure that the array has an object with array properties named "contexts" and "tabs", as shown in the following example.

    ```json
    "ribbons": [
        {
            "contexts": [
                // child objects omitted
            ],
            "tabs": [
                // child objects omitted
            ]
        }
    ]
    ```

1. Ensure that the "contexts" array has strings that specify the windows or panes in which the UI for the task pane command should appear. For example, "mailRead" means that it will appear in the reading pane or message window when an email message is open, but "mailCompose" means it will appear when a new message or a reply is being composed. The following are the allowable values:

    - mailRead
    - mailCompose
    - meetingDetailsOrganizer

>     - meetingDetailsAttendee

Reviewer: These should be in quotation marks to match how you describe "TabDefault" later.

Author: > These should be in quotation marks to match how you describe "TabDefault" later.

good catch

    - The "supertip.title" (maximum length: 64 characters) and "supertip.description" (maximum length: 128 characters) appear when the cursor is hovering over the button or menu.
    - The "actionId" must be an exact match for the "runtimes.actions.id" that you set in [Configure the runtime for the task pane command](#configure-the-runtime-for-the-task-pane-command).

    ```json
    {
        "id": "msgReadOpenPaneButton",
        "type": "button",
        "label": "Show Task Pane",
        "icons": [
            {
                "size": 16,
                "file": "https://localhost:3000/assets/icon-16.png"
            },
            {
                "size": 32,
                "file": "https://localhost:3000/assets/icon-32.png"
            },
            {
                "size": 80,
                "file": "https://localhost:3000/assets/icon-80.png"
            }
        ],
        "supertip": {
            "title": "Show Contoso Task Pane",
            "description": "Opens the Contoso task pane."
        },
        "actionId": "ShowTaskPane"
    }
    ```

> You've now completed adding a task pane command to your add-in.  [Sideload and test it](../testing/test-debug-office-add-ins.md#sideload-an-office-add-in-for-testing).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You've now completed adding a task pane command to your add-in. [Sideload and test it](../testing/test-debug-office-add-ins.md#sideload-an-office-add-in-for-testing).
```

        > [!NOTE]
        > It's common in Office Add-in development to use tools like [webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) and its plugins to automatically inject `<script>` tags into HTML files at build time. If you use such a tool, you shouldn't include any `<script>` tags in your source file that are going to be inserted by the tool.

    ```html
    <!DOCTYPE html>
    <html>
        <head>
            <meta charset="UTF-8" />
            <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=Edge" />

            <!-- Office JavaScript Library -->
            <script type="text/javascript" src="https://appsforoffice.microsoft.com/lib/1.1/hosted/office.js"></script>
            <!-- Function command file -->
            <script src="commands.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
        </head>
        <body>        
        </body>
    </html>
    ```

### Configure the runtime for the function command

1. Open the unified manifest and find the "extensions.runtimes" array.
1. Ensure that there is a runtime object that has a "actions.type" property with the value "executeFunction".

> 1. Ensure that the "requirements.capabilities" array contains objects that specify any [Requirement Set](office-versions-and-requirement-sets.md)s that are needed to support the APIs add-in commands. For Outlook, the minimum requirement set for add-in commands is [Mailbox 1.3](/javascript/api/requirement-sets/outlook/requirement-set-1.3/outlook-requirement-set-1.3). But if your function command calls that API that is part of later **Mailbox** requirement set, such as **Mailbox 1.5**, then you need to specify the later version (e.g., "1.5") as the "minVersion" value. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Ensure that the "requirements.capabilities" array contains objects that specify any [Requirement Sets](office-versions-and-requirement-sets.md) that are needed to support the APIs add-in commands. For Outlook, the minimum requirement set for add-in commands is [Mailbox 1.3](/javascript/api/requirement-sets/outlook/requirement-set-1.3/outlook-requirement-set-1.3). But if your function command calls that API that is part of later **Mailbox** requirement set, such as **Mailbox 1.5**, then you need to specify the later version (e.g., "1.5") as the "minVersion" value. 
```
